# you didn't have to be there

This project was my take on the early homepages of the web, focusing more on my interests rather than myself. However, I couldn't decide if I should do one reflecting my interests now or make it more like a time capsule of my interests of the past. I think the biggest difference between now and then was my main source of entertainment, from books to movies & tv. Which I think has been my sense of loss as the internet continues to grow, I don't think I have been fully offline and gotten lost in a book. Now will less free time, putting something on netflix in the background feels like much less work. Yet, it is because of Netflix and other streaming platforms that I have been introduced to many more stories, some older that perhaps I wouldn't have discovered otherwise. Similarly, I have rediscovered older things I have forgetten about and gotten to enjoy it all over again. Thus instead I decided I'd rather wanted to document my interests through the years and see how things have come and gone. In addition I wanted to be able to possibly introduce or bring back a memory others have forgetten about back into memory, thus I ended up linking every image to some another medium without context or perhaps give a bit more context. The links are something I plan to tend to often, switching things in and out as I see fit and perhaps even surprise myself. I also plan to bea ble to add more things one as I remember them and as my interests come and go.


◕ ◞ ◕ This project was made using https://netnet.studio
